feat(pswap): add min_fill_amount to PswapNoteStorage (#3235)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - [Added] min_fill_amount field to PswapNoteStorage to prevent dust partial fills (#3235)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `min_fill_amount` field to `PswapNoteStorage` to prevent very small partial fills (#3235)
```

Here's a suggestion re: wording. Also, I don't think we should have an `Unreleased` section? Instead, let's move it to the latest pre-release (and we should only have one entry of course).

## v0.16.0-alpha.2 (2026-07-13)

### Changes

> - [Added] `min_fill_amount` field to `PswapNoteStorage` to prevent very small partial fills (#3235)

Reviewer: I actually _think_ we may want this under `v0.16.0 (TBD)` rather than the current? (cc @PhilippGackstatter)
